i
carlos just read crack on the corner
You're new.
sighs the money here forever
bought lives
those who come from below do not want anything else
now that he stands above the people does the
who can to increase your sex jump
drugs many of them partners doing
assaults a lot of other pyramid juice stayed
crazy victory was to wake up and realize
That I'm not dead today, it's three shooting.
proof of this is not only
concept has to have intelligence
the selection process for each time
bless the minister
if you of bolle they end up passinho
with you
It was the movie, I got it straight there.
cool other black douro lives for
be the hunt
the flight is authentic, it is not enough to say that the ref
abstract clean and f establish & urchin
guy man in attitude sells weight
pitcho from the favela I was told violent
there is not
measured in a respect I hear have
shetty stirred my car is black and armed
with patitas a better image was that
God betrays your tongue before you speak
my name
the cold and the ocean is burning your
face has to be willing to be able to
get into this slang curse word game
a lot of road when the plate
Who should be the first to
do you think it 's easy come try my
guaranteed point that will call the mother
teddy a minute what a sandy sweat
I always separated from the boys, I worked with
the foot on the floor but never said no
wants the globe philosophy without working
dead quality like a broken key
that just pull the door
time runs over you and never indemnifies the
winning Chinese chip and soon after
she arrives at the arlequina
get cocaine but everything that was or is
a girl and mit already fell had guy
man in attitude sells price
next to the favela I went far beyond what
you
have no fear
but I hear about rap starts the
my hooded boss
he got it